Clarify exactly one origin (#100)
Intralogistics-2X-LIF/Layout-Interchange-Format: LIF.md

| node { |  | JSON-object | Refers to VDA5050 node definition. All properties that have the same name are meant to be semantically identical. However, the number of properties differs from VDA5050 specification. Some properties are only meaningful as soon as an order is generated. Others only provide information for order generation (e.g., routing) itself. |
| nodeId |  | string | Unique identifier of the node across all layouts contained in this LIF file.  Note: Different LIF files, especially from different mobile robot integrators, may contain duplicate nodeIds. In this case, it is the responsibility of the fleet control system to whichever internal unique nodeId it wishes to use, and to map this to a mobile robot integrator's nodeId for its specific LIF. |
| *nodeDescriptor* |  | string | A user-defined, human-readable name or descriptor. This shall not be used for logical purposes. |

> | mapId |  | string | Unique identification of the map in which the node or node’s position is referenced. Each map has exactly one origin of coordinates. When a mobile robot uses an elevator, e.g., leading from a departure floor to a target floor, it will dis-appear off the map of the departure floor and spawn in the related lift node on the map of the target floor. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mapId |  | string | Unique identification of the map in which the node or node’s position is referenced. Note: The LIF does not directly define what a VDA5050 map is or is not. A map may be an alternate declaration of a shared coordinate origin, or may be the same as a layout, or a layout may comprise multiple maps. See the VDA5050 specification for more information. |
```
